Does this also come with the table?
Miss you are crazy
This is a violent lick of heaven
A bottle of broken wine and a piece of broken jade
I excited you like this
It's really a frog in a well
It seems that our Young Master Xu
There's something better waiting.
Uncle Wang, why hasn't my congratulatory gift arrived yet?
What's the matter, have you made enough trouble?
You don't look at the occasion.
Are you addicted to acting?
Shen Wansan is the richest man in Yuncheng
In fact, the one you can know is still called Uncle Wan
You wouldn't think we would actually believe
Are you a relative of the Shen family?
What kind of decency is it to yell?
Wenjie, this is Dragon Heart Grass after all
Why is it so pure?
You see clearly
This dragon heart grass is fake
Joke my brother didn't have it for generations
The medicinal materials at home are worth hundreds of billions
How could I send fake dragon heart grass?
Dragon heart is not afraid of fire
Although this dragon heart grass is a herb
But he can't burn
It's true or false, you'll know when you burn it
Grandpa Gao or you are well-informed
Oops ok ok ok ok
This, the person who sold the medicine must have taken the kickback.
That's why he gave me the fake Mr. Dragon
Grandpa Gao
You mustn't get married
It doesn't matter
Dragon heart grass itself is a rarity
It's normal for ordinary people to have difficulty distinguishing between authenticity and falsehood
But the Mingyu Ming wine I gave you is all real.
He said he fell and fell to me
I can only blame you
These things can't be ranked by Mr. Gao
Don't you know that Shen Wansan has prepared a congratulatory gift for you?
What about the gift? Lost.
Wealth gift arrives